README.md, before:

Thrift Node.js Library
=========================

License
-------
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


## Install

    npm install thrift 

## Thrift Compiler

You can compile nodejs sources by running the following:

    thrift --gen js:node thrift_file

## Cassandra Client Example:

Here is a Cassandra example:

    var thrift = require('thrift'),
        Cassandra = require('./gen-nodejs/Cassandra')
        ttypes = require('./gen-nodejs/cassandra_types');

    var connection = thrift.createConnection("localhost", 9160),
        client = thrift.createClient(Cassandra, connection);

    connection.on('error', function(err) {
      console.error(err);
    });

    client.get_slice("Keyspace", "key", new ttypes.ColumnParent({column_family: "ExampleCF"}), new ttypes.SlicePredicate({slice_range: new ttypes.SliceRange({start: '', finish: ''})}), ttypes.ConsistencyLevel.ONE, function(err, data) {
      if (err) {
        // handle err
      } else {
        // data == [ttypes.ColumnOrSuperColumn, ...]
      }
      connection.end();
    });

<a name="int64"></a>
## Int64

Since JavaScript represents all numbers as doubles, int64 values cannot be accurately represented naturally. To solve this, int64 values in responses will be wrapped with Thirft.Int64 objects. The Int64 implementation used is [broofa/node-int64](https://github.com/broofa/node-int64).

## Libraries using node-thrift

* [yukim/node_cassandra](https://github.com/yukim/node_cassandra)

## Custom client and server example

An example based on the one shown on the Thrift front page is included in the examples/ folder.

Commit message:

THRIFT-2398:Improve Node Server Library CLIENT: node Patch: Randy Abernethy
Update node hello web example and line ending clean up.

README.md, after:

Thrift Node.js Library
=========================

License
-------
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.


## Install

    npm install thrift 

## Thrift Compiler

You can compile IDL sources for Node.js with the following command:

    thrift --gen js:node thrift_file

## Cassandra Client Example:

Here is a Cassandra example:

    var thrift = require('thrift'),
        Cassandra = require('./gen-nodejs/Cassandra')
        ttypes = require('./gen-nodejs/cassandra_types');

    var connection = thrift.createConnection("localhost", 9160),
        client = thrift.createClient(Cassandra, connection);

    connection.on('error', function(err) {
      console.error(err);
    });

    client.get_slice("Keyspace", "key", new ttypes.ColumnParent({column_family: "ExampleCF"}), new ttypes.SlicePredicate({slice_range: new ttypes.SliceRange({start: '', finish: ''})}), ttypes.ConsistencyLevel.ONE, function(err, data) {
      if (err) {
        // handle err
      } else {
        // data == [ttypes.ColumnOrSuperColumn, ...]
      }
      connection.end();
    });

<a name="int64"></a>
## Int64

Since JavaScript represents all numbers as doubles, int64 values cannot be accurately represented naturally. To solve this, int64 values in responses will be wrapped with Thirft.Int64 objects. The Int64 implementation used is [broofa/node-int64](https://github.com/broofa/node-int64).

## Libraries using node-thrift

* [yukim/node_cassandra](https://github.com/yukim/node_cassandra)

## Custom client and server example

An example based on the one shown on the Thrift front page is included in the examples/ folder.
